After you left my house?
A group of inexplicable people broke in
Did the old lady practice?
It was one punch, one kick, two
Come one and pour one, come two and pour a pair
I stuttered in anger and fell a large piece
And you can see what's up there.
Let me see what's there.
I'll let you do it later when you're done.
Let's get down to business first, then you talk about what's in the sky first
Cow, how can there be a cow
Why didn't I see it?
You blew to death.
Every time you appear in front of me, it's like this animation
I really don't know how long I can hold on
There is a way to do it once and for all
Do you want to try it?
What cuts you off?
Okay, let's get down to business first
Hmph, look at what you just said
Uh, speaking of you, whoa whoa whoa whoa
Let's skip your bragging first
Why skip
Do you not believe me? Do you doubt me?
Okay, you're amazing, aren't you, auntie?
business matters
You go on first
Wait until I turn back and continue to listen to you
The world of beating
Truer than real gold
Then believe in you once a day
Thank you. Thank you.
At that time, I hula-la blew down a large area
I bah